=Table Parser for WET 3.0=

<p align="right">''[[Analyseur syntaxique de tableaux pour la BOEW 3.0 | français]]''</p>

==Overview==
'''Project Lead: '''Pierre Dubois ([https://github.com/duboisp @duboisp]) - ''Industry Canada, Canadian Intellectual Property Office''

===Purpose===
Create a plugin that use a table

==Developing for WET with the table parser==

===How to parse the table===

# Load the dependency "parserTable"
# call the parser with your jQuery table element
<code>
if (!$(elem).data().tblparser) {
    _pe.fn.parsertable.parse($(elem));
}
</code>

===How to Access to the parsed data===

That is simple, once the table are fully parsed, each tabular element get a new jQuery.Data attribute called "tblparser". You can access it like this

<code>
tblparser = $(elem).data().tblparser;
</code>

the "tblparser" object would depend of the "elem". You can use the API Interface to know the relationship and get the attribute available.

If you want, you can access it directly from the Firebox console, something like this

<code>
console.log($('table:eq(0)').data().tblparser);
</code>

===API Interface===

On my Table Usability Concept github project you will find the full API listed here https://github.com/duboisp/Table-Usability-Concept/tree/master/API
You will need to use the API under "Table Parser - WET 3.0 release" header.

If you have any question regarding the API or about the Table Usability Concept, don't hesitate to submit an issue (https://github.com/duboisp/Table-Usability-Concept/issues/new)


===Example of use===

If you are looking about how to get access to the parsed tabular data take a look at

HTML Table Validator
* From Line 377 - https://github.com/wet-boew/wet-boew/blob/master/demos/tableparser/validator-htmltable.html#L377
* To Line 686 - https://github.com/wet-boew/wet-boew/blob/master/demos/tableparser/validator-htmltable.html#L686

Zebra Stripping
* From Line 31 - https://github.com/wet-boew/wet-boew/blob/master/src/js/workers/zebra.js#L31
* To Line 190 - https://github.com/wet-boew/wet-boew/blob/master/src/js/workers/zebra.js#L190

Chart and Graph
* From Line 2384 - https://github.com/wet-boew/wet-boew/blob/master/src/js/dependencies/charts.js#L2384
* To Line 2424 - https://github.com/wet-boew/wet-boew/blob/master/src/js/dependencies/charts.js#L2424

===HTML Table Validator TODO List===

* Add implicit ids/headers relationship instead of exclusively doing explicit
* Warn the user of the presence of a possible complex table when a data cell or a summary cell span in multiple columns or multiple rows. That is not usual for simple table.
* Add an option for tolerance for data cell colspan > 1 or rowspan > 1 in regard of determining if they are simple or complex tables.
* Do some research about implementing a javascript XML parser that would re-format the HTML output instead of using the SGML browser parser.
